Updated deployment instructions (#2271)
quiltdata/quilt: docs/Technical Reference.md

* [Email Quilt](mailto://contact@quiltdata.io)

## Architecture
Each instance consists of a password-protected web catalog on your domain,
backend services, a secure server to manage user identities, and a Python API.

[Architecture Diagram](https://quilt-web-public.s3.amazonaws.com/quilt-aws-diagram.png)

### Sizing
The Quilt CloudFormation template will automatically configure appropriate instance sizes for RDS, ECS (Fargate), Lambda and Elasticsearch Service. Some users may choose to adjust the size and configuration of their Elasticsearch cluster. All other services should use the default settings.

#### Elasticsearch Service Configuration
By default, Quilt configures an Elasticsearch cluster with 3 master nodes and 2 data nodes. Please contact the Quilt support team before adjusting the size and configuration of your cluster to avoid disruption.

### Cost

> The cost of running your Quilt stack varies with data volumes and use, but typically runs between $625 and $700 per month using the default configuration. See the table below for a cost breakdown based on AWS pricing in the `us-east-1` region.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The infrastructure costs of running a Quilt stack vary with usage. Baseline infrastructure costs start at $620 and go up from there. See below for a breakdown of baseline costs for `us-east-1` at 744 hours per month.
```

1. Quilt is now up and running. You can click on the _QuiltWebHost_ value
in Outputs and log in with your administrator password to invite users.

## Routine Maintainance and Upgrades

> Major releases will be posted to AWS Marketplace. Minor releases will be announced via email and Slack. Please be sure to join the [Quilt mailing list](http://eepurl.com/bOyxRz) and/or [Slack Channel](https://slack.quiltdata.com/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Major releases will be posted to AWS Marketplace. Minor releases will be announced via email and Slack. Join the [Quilt mailing list](http://eepurl.com/bOyxRz) or [Slack Channel](https://slack.quiltdata.com/) for updates.
```

No data will be lost if a Quilt stack goes down. The Quilt search indexes will be automatically rebuilt when buckets are added to a new stack.

### Region Failure
To protect against data loss in the event of a region failure, enable
[S3 Bucket Replication](https://aws.amazon.com/s3/features/replication/) on all S3 buckets.

## Emergency Maintainance
See [Troubleshooting](Troubleshooting.md)

## Support
Support is available to all Quilt customers by:
* online chat (in the Quilt catalog)
* email to [support@quiltdata.io](mailto://support@quiltdata.io)
* [Slack](https://slack.quiltdata.com/)

Quilt guarantees response to support issues according to the following SLAs for Quilt Business and Quilt Enterprise customers.

### Quilt Business
|  | Initial Response | Temporary Resolution |
| ---- | ---- | ----- |
| Priority 1 | 1 business day | 3 business days |
| Priority 2 | 2 business days | 5 business days |
| Priority 3 | 3 business days | N/A |

### Quilt Enterprise
|  | Initial Response | Temporary Resolution |
| ---- | ---- | ----- |
| Priority 1 | 4 business hours | 1 business day |
| Priority 2 | 1 business day | 2 business days |
| Priority 3 | 1 business days | N/A |

> 1.	“Business Day” means Monday through Friday (PST), excluding holidays observed by Quilt Data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.	*Business Day* means Monday through Friday (PST), excluding holidays observed by Quilt Data.
```
use italics instead of quotes — more consistent with rest of docs

1.	“Business Hours” means 8:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. (PST) on Business Days.

> 1.	“Priority 1” means a critical problem with the Software in which the Software inoperable;

Reviewer: formatting is a mess here; be consistent with newlines

Reviewer: i'm not convinced you want a numbered list here

Author: Switched from a numbered list to bullets.
